Jaeger: Remove browser access mode (#30349)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/jaeger.md

To access Jaeger settings, click the **Configuration** (gear) icon, then click **Data Sources** > **Jaeger**.

| Name         | Description                                                                                     |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `Name`       | The data source name. This is how you refer to the data source in panels, queries, and Explore. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Name`       | The data source name in panels, queries, and Explore. |
```

> | `Default`    | Data source will be pre-selected for new panels.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Default`    | The pre-selected data source for a new panel.                                                |
```

> | `URL`        | The URL of the Jaeger instance, for example, `http://localhost:16686`                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `URL`        | The URL of the Jaeger instance. For example, `http://localhost:16686`.                           |
```

> | `Basic Auth` | Enable basic authentication to the Jaeger data source.                                          |

Reviewer: "to" or "for" here? How would you say this in Hungarian?

Author: I would say for

> | `User`       | User name for basic authentication.                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `User`       | Specify a user name for basic authentication.                                                             |
```

> | `Password`   | Password for basic authentication.                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Password`   | Specify a password for basic authentication.                                                              |
```

| Name         | Description                                                                                     |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Name`       | The data source name in panels, queries, and Explore. |
| `Default`    | The pre-selected data source for a new panel.                                                |
| `URL`        | The URL of the Jaeger instance. For example, `http://localhost:16686`.                           |

> | `Basic Auth` | Enable basic authentication to the Jaeger data source.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Basic Auth` | Enable basic authentication for the Jaeger data source.                                          |
```
